{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleSystemUIFontMonospaced-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue35;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18431;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Activites List\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 It is highly encouraged to work in a group of two students for the lab of this case study.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Important: for Activity 1, Activity 2 and Activity 3 , please use the files\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/repicao/IH_DA_FT_MAR_2023/blob/main/Class_Materials/Case_Studies/Customer_Analysis_Case_Study/Data/file1.csv"}}{\fldrslt file1.csv}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/repicao/IH_DA_FT_MAR_2023/blob/main/Class_Materials/Case_Studies/Customer_Analysis_Case_Study/Data/file2.csv"}}{\fldrslt file2.csv}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/repicao/IH_DA_FT_MAR_2023/blob/main/Class_Materials/Case_Studies/Customer_Analysis_Case_Study/Data/file3.csv"}}{\fldrslt file3.csv}}\'a0from the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/repicao/IH_DA_FT_MAR_2023/blob/main/Class_Materials/Case_Studies/Customer_Analysis_Case_Study/Data"}}{\fldrslt Data}}\'a0folder.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Activity 1 (Monday)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Aggregate the data into one Data Frame using Pandas. Pay attention that files may have different names for the same column. therefore, make sure that you unify the columns names before concating them.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Standardizing header names\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Removing duplicates\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Deleting and rearranging columns \'96 delete the column customer as it is only a unique identifier for each row of data\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Working with data types \'96 Check the data types of all the columns and fix the incorrect ones (for ex. customer lifetime value and number of open complaints ). Hint: remove the percentage from the customer lifetime value and truncate it to an integer value.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 clean the number of open complaints and extract the middle number which is changing between records.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Filtering data and Correcting typos \'96 Filter the data in state and gender column to standardize the texts in those columns\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Activity 2 (Tuesday)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Replacing null values \'96 Replace missing values with means of the column (for numerical columns). Pay attention that the Income feature for instance has 0s which is equivalent to null values. (We assume here that there is no such income with 0 as it refers to missing values) Hint: numpy.nan is considered of float64 data type.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Bucketing the data - Write a function to replace column "State" to different zones. California as West Region, Oregon as North West, and Washington as East, and Arizona and Nevada as Central\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (Optional) In the column\'a0
\f3\fs27\fsmilli13600 Vehicle Class
\f1\fs32 , merge the two categories\'a0
\f3\fs27\fsmilli13600 Luxury SUV
\f1\fs32 \'a0and\'a0
\f3\fs27\fsmilli13600 Luxury Car
\f1\fs32 \'a0into one category named\'a0
\f3\fs27\fsmilli13600 Luxury Vehicle
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (Optional) Removing outliers using 1.5*IQR technique for all numerical columns.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (Optional) Standardizing the data \'96 Use string functions to standardize the text data (lower case)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 Important: for Activity 3 and Activity 4 , please use the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/repicao/IH_DA_FT_MAR_2023/blob/main/Class_Materials/Case_Studies/Customer_Analysis_Case_Study/Data/Data_Marketing_Customer_Analysis_Round3.csv"}}{\fldrslt file Data_Marketing_Customer_Analysis_Round3.csv}}\'a0from the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/repicao/IH_DA_FT_MAR_2023/blob/main/Class_Materials/Case_Studies/Customer_Analysis_Case_Study/Data"}}{\fldrslt Data}}\'a0folder.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Activity 3 (Wednesday)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 As a reminder the objective of this study is to predict the\'a0
\f3\fs27\fsmilli13600 total claim amount
\f1\fs32 \'a0of a customer and study/investigate the impact of the factors (input features) on the target variable(
\f3\fs27\fsmilli13600 total claim amount
\f1\fs32 ). That means in your exploratory data analysis, you have to look for patterns in this data that shows interesting relationships among the input features as well as with relation to the target feature.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Get the numeric data into dataframe called\'a0
\f3\fs27\fsmilli13600 numerical
\f1\fs32 \'a0and categorical columns in a dataframe called\'a0
\f3\fs27\fsmilli13600 categoricals
\f1\fs32 . (You can use np.number and np.object to select the numerical data types and categorical data types respectively)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Now we will try to check the normality of the numerical variables visually\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use seaborn library to construct distribution plots for the numerical variables\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use Matplotlib to construct histograms.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Do the distributions for different numerical variables look like a normal distribution?\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 For the numerical variables, check for correlation between the input features. Note: this does not include the target feature.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Plot the Correlation Heatmap.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (Optional): Drop one of the two features that show a high correlation between them (greater than 0.9). If there is no pair of features that have a high correlation, then do not drop any features.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Activity 4 (Thursday)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Show a plot of the total number of responses.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Show a plot of the response by the sales channel.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Show a plot of the response by the total claim amount.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Show a plot of the response by income.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (Optional) plot any interesting findings/insights(minimum three) that describe some interesting facts about your data set and its input variables as well as relationships with the target feature.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Clean your notebook and make it readable and presentable with a good documentation that summarizes the Data Cleaning, Exploration(including plots) Steps that you have performed.\cb1 \
}